CMT221 LAB 5 
NAME: LING SHAO DOO 
MATRIC NO: 153152 
TUTORIAL: S03 
 
Q1: Run the following SELECT statement can capture the screenshot displaying the output of the 
query. Which SQL Workshop icon option is the most suitable to obtain a direct output of the 
SELECT statement? 
Screenshot 1 
SQL command is the most suitable to obtain a direct output of the SELECT statement. 
 
1. View the Course Addition page (Form type) and the Student Listing + Student Management 
pages (Report with Form type) in runtime. List the differences in terms of data manipulation 
operations you can perform using the two form types. 
Course Addition page (Form type) only allow end user to input data to the database. 
Student Listing + Student Management pages (Report with Form type) allow end user to view report 
and input data to the database. 
 
 
 
  
2. Create a Student Course Registration form that users can check for the courses each student has 
registered for all semesters. Use the Create Page Wizard to create a Master Detail page in which 
Student will be the master table. When a student is selected, the detail form will display all the 
attributes in STUDENT_COURSES for the selected student only. You can experiment with three 
types of Master Detail: stacked, side-by-side and drill down. Capture the screenshots showing how 
your Student Course Registration Master Detail page is created and note the differences between 
the three types of Master Detail. 
 
1. Input Page Name and Entity Name. 
 
2. Tick Create a new navigation menu entry. 
 
3. Input Master Region Title, Table/View Name and Primary Key Column. 
 
4. Input Table/View Name, Primary Key Colum and Master Detail Foreign Key. 
 
 
  
stacked 
 
When I tick at the leftmost column, the course(s) that been taken by that particular student will 
display at the table below. 
 
 
 
side-by-side 
I have tried for many times but I still unable to create side-by-side Master Detail page. 
 
drill down 
 
 
There is small pencil icon at the leftmost column. When I clicked then it will display that particular 
student’s information and course(s). 
 
